Some JavaScript developers believe that most of the issues with JavaScript stem from its asynchronous nature, its loose typing, and the web platform it runs on. For each of the three reasons listed, explain in your own words why a developer might believe that it is a pain point.
1. Asynchronous nature of javascript might cause callback hell. If promises are not resolved, the code
can get out hand quickly. Loose typing is by definition unsafe, as there could be logical bugs that persist
and aren't caught for a long time. JS runs in the browser, so it has to be compatibile with different browsers and often threated by client-side attacks such as cross-site scripting. 
2. I think devs who created JS, made it loosely typed to prevent UI from crashing. Errors caused from wrong types should not crash the whole website. Since JS is single-threaded there needs to be a way to run tasks in the background while user is interacting with UI. Similarly to a restaurant, a waiter is interacting with the customers while food is being cooked.
3. Compiled language executes commands that are interpretend by the compiler, interpreted language executed commands directly without compiling. JS is an interpreted langauge. Some benefits are small size, loose typing, easy to trace code. Some drawbacks are slower execution, susceptible to attacks as interpreters can be mimicked.
4. Until this class I was stuck in RDD thinking, but know I understand the value of understanding fundamentals and breaking down frameworks and truly understanding their purpose. Foncusing on vanilla JS allows one to understand JavaScript's advatages and limitations and build on that knowledge to learn a framework. Some potentials drawbacks of not learning the framework would be employability and understanding of market trends. Unfortunately, if one does not adapt to the market demands, one gets displaced. Learning fundamentals, however, is paramount, it is akin to a pyramid, if the foundation is not wide and solid, the structure collapses. 
5. The devtools in this lab were by far the most useful thing I discovered. I will try to use the browser tools more to debug our project and improve execution. 